joel hickerson grindog.com and today
we're gonna learn how to draw exotic
flowers
first thing we'll try as an orchid it's
a little simpler than motion you have
five petals usually on these I kind of
have a their own shape think about them
they also have a stamen that comes out
kind of steps out that's on
come back and
delineate each different petals remember
it's five-o with kind of a crease in the
center
and there are a million ways to simplify
these things and this is a little more
detail but probably you need okay now
with its pedals my or its leaves might
come out sides like that darken them up
a little bit to distinguish them from
the flower itself and another one might
be some little exotics and you can get
those I'm doing a little starbursts
almost like little stars there and you
can bring their petals down into the
same location are their stems excuse me
going down here to the same point and
you get that look alright and then the
last one will probably try as a bird of
paradise which has a stem that kind of
comes in from the side and then it has a
yeah
the color part actually comes out the
middle this guy actually comes out a
little farther these on the sides are
actually leaves
whereas these are the colored part of
this one
okay
that what we get from there
and that's how you draw exotic flowers